Tenant level roles (#335)
descope/node-sdk: README.md

```typescript
// You can optionally set a description and associated permission for a roles.

> // setting tenant id - will create this role for this specific tenant scope, leave empty to create a role taht will be allowed on all tenants

Reviewer: small typo, also some small recommendation 

```suggestion
// Set the tenant ID to create a role scoped to a specific tenant. Leave empty for a global role applicable across all tenants.
```

Author: Took the other suggestion

> // setting tenant id - will create this role for this specific tenant scope, leave empty to create a role taht will be allowed on all tenants

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// The optional `tenantId` will scope this role for a specific tenant. If left empty, the role will be available to all tenants.
```

Author: done
